well good afternoon everyone
some of you asked me to make a video for
my bike so here's a quick one this is
that quad it's in absolute pieces it's
an absolute piece of half of it is
in there I've got good plans for this
though it's going to look awesome when
it's done mm-hmm notice a little
one-to-five gy6 motor actually more or
less the same motor that's in this you
know my old famous 1 to 5 scooter next
to it there is my super duper e bike
which currently is a thousand watt motor
on the back with a 60 volt setup but
it's pretty quick and pretty powerful
also done if you can see but it actually
has disc brakes on the front which you
know for me bike is pretty cool so it's
got disc brakes and it's a snazzy little
thing very nice then over here we have
my 250 cc generic Chinese put together
from parts crosser which is actually a
great little machine for messing about
in these urban villages it's very very
tall very big and it's very loud in fact
too loud if you ask me then inside
please excuse the place I'm busy tidying
up and getting ready for for a dinner
party tonight I've got my CV which I've
now moved over there this by the way is
my my new apartment give you a quick
tour the nice thing about this place
it's got very tall ceilings so it's a
lot more spacious than the old place um
well let me give you a quick quick tour
of the bedroom anyway let's see it's
it's relatively nice a big it's got a
very tall ceiling as you can see yeah so
the space to move around in here which
is nicely makes you walk around I got a
big mirror on the wall there once it can
open up and I've got quite a nice
view to the balcony and you know there
are my bikes and a reasonably good view
which is probably going to be spoiled
soon by a bloody highway let's see what
else I've got it here I showed you the
bottom it's relatively big here's the
spare room which I'm not going to spend
any time on this because it's just a
pile of crap in there from moving still
and then yeah of course the living room
you've already seen it's relatively nice
and big in the area so yes that's my new
place and it's a lot cheaper than the
place I was staying in before because
it's out of the city but you know if you
have a car so that that little black one
there on the ends of my one if you have
a car it's certainly a lot easier and
more convenient so you can spend less
money have a much nice nicer bigger
place yeah cool
anyway speak to you guys soon usually
this tables out on the on the balcony
which makes it you know nice to sit out
there so basically that's that's it
really I guess oh yes the other bikes
are not here right now
my 50cc scooter is out at the bike shed
the Virago and the moped are out well at
my old apartment and I still haven't
taken them out here yet so hope that
satisfies your curiosity I'll see you
guys soon hey there beer girls here Pete
my good friend Pete's here my good
friend Tyrone is here and cookie is here
and Yugi Pete's wife is here and I'm
here maybe and yeah it's Christmas Eve
Eve present time yeah actually it's yeah
and present that I got from Turkey it's
gone very well one bottle of gin down